so what we have here as a project is a
automated pothole filling what what is
it is expected to do is it has to find
port holes and load and then fill them
automatically so now we will start our
demonstration of the project what you
can see here is happening is the bot has
moved forward it has detected that there
is a hole in the road the net so it has
started the Hopa mechanism and it's
filling the slippery beads into the hole
so we have made there is a shuttle on
the hopper mechanism which which is
actually made to control the number of
beads falling at one particular time so
that too many beads should not fall and
the hole should be filled only to the
appropriate amount
now since the bot has already failed the
hole it has detected that the hole is
now no more existent and it has decided
to move forward again now since it's
above another hole it is detected that
one and had started filling it as you
can see the balls are a little bit
bouncy on the thermocol specially now
again the bot has detected that it has
already filled the hole and has moved
forward so now as you can see as has
been marked by arrows on the arena it
will follow the path now as you can see
the bot has moved to the next lane of
the road and has started moving forward
on that lane now it has detected another
hole and has started filling it again
so again it has been able to fill
another hole completely actually not
completely it started again so there's
another interesting thing that I would
like to mention we have assumed so this
is kind of a reasonable assumption that
generally the holes are in the middle of
a road and since we have just one sensor
and the board may sometimes the image
processing is not very accurate so the
board just gets deviated from its path
so we have employed proper algorithm to
hit the board correct its path so that
it moves as close to the center of the
road as possible again in the third lane
of the road it has again detected the
hole and I start Infinite has started
filling it so again it has been able to
fill the hole completely and has moved
forward so now it is reaching the end of
the arena and it will just stop there